Feat: Introduce Drawer component #DS-1580 (#1836)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/src/components/Drawer/README.md

# Drawer

The Drawer component is a container that slides in from side of the screen. It can be used to display additional content or actions that are not part of the main view.

The Drawer is a composition of several subcomponents:

- [Drawer](#drawer)
  - [DrawerCloseButton](#drawerclosebutton)
  - [DrawerPanel](#drawerpanel)

## Accessibility Guidelines

👉 The animation effect of this component is dependent on the
`prefers-reduced-motion` media query.

## Drawer

```jsx

> import { Drawer } from '@folio/stripes/components';

Reviewer: **suggestion (blocking):** Bad import path.

const [isOpen, setOpen] = useState(false);

> <Drawer id="drawer-dialog-example" isOpen={isOpen} onClose={() => setOpen(false)}>

Reviewer: **suggestion:** I think the composition should look like this base on your code:

```jsx
<Drawer>
  <DrawerPanel>
   dskbfskb
  </DrawerPanel>
</Drawer>
```

Maybe if you use `DrawerPanel` inside the `Drawer` implementation it will be easier for out users.

Author: I discussed it with @crishpeen and we would leave it in its original state due to the possibility of putting UNSAFE_classname on the DrawerPanel. It is also consistent with the way it is in both Modal and HeaderDialog.

Reviewer 2: yep, exactly. If the Panel was part of the Drawer, it would be hard to add custom styles/classes or analytics to it.

Reviewer: Ok, but I am missing the entire composition of the Drawer and the DrawerPanel (maybe also DrawerCloseButton) in the docs. Please add also some kind of full example.

Author: Full example added

  {/* Drawer content goes here */}
</Drawer>;
```

### Alignment

The `Drawer` component can be aligned to the left or right side of the screen using `alignment` prop. By default, the drawer is aligned to the right.

```jsx
<Drawer id="drawer-dialog-example" isOpen={isOpen} onClose={() => setOpen(false)} alignment="left">
  {/* Drawer content goes here */}
</Drawer>
```

> ### Close on backdrop click

Reviewer 3: Soon, TextLint will start reporting Title Case.

By default, the drawer will close when the backdrop is clicked. You can disable this behavior by setting the `closeOnBackdropClick` prop to `false`.

```jsx
<Drawer id="drawer-dialog-example" isOpen={isOpen} onClose={() => setOpen(false)} closeOnBackdropClick={false}>
  {/* Drawer content goes here */}
</Drawer>
```

### Close on Escape Key Down

By default, the drawer will close when the escape key is pressed. You can disable this behavior by setting the `closeOnEscapeKeyDown` prop to `false`.

```jsx
<Drawer id="drawer-dialog-example" isOpen={isOpen} onClose={() => setOpen(false)} closeOnEscapeKeyDown={false}>
  {/* Drawer content goes here */}
</Drawer>
```

### API

| Name                   | Type                                           | Default | Required | Description                                              |
| ---------------------- | ---------------------------------------------- | ------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `alignment`            | `left` \| `right`                              | `right` | ✕        | Drawer alignment                                         |

Reviewer 2: maybe it should be called `alignmentX`? 🤔

> | `alignment`            | `left` \| `right`                              | —       | ✕        | Drawer alignment                                         |

Reviewer 2: there is a default value, right?

| `closeOnEscapeKeyDown` | `bool`                                         | `true`  | ✕        | Whether the drawer will close when escape key is pressed |
| `id`                   | `string`                                       | —       | ✓        | ID to be linked                                          |
| `isOpen`               | `bool`                                         | `false` | ✓        | Open state                                               |
| `onClose`              | `(event: ClickEvent or KeyboardEvent) => void` | —       | ✓        | Callback for drawer when closed                          |

The component further inherits properties from the [`<dialog>`][mdn-dialog-element] element.

On top of the API options, the components accept [additional attributes][readme-additional-attributes].
If you need more control over the styling of a component, you can use [style props][readme-style-props]
and [escape hatches][readme-escape-hatches].

## DrawerCloseButton

The `DrawerCloseButton` component is a button that closes the drawer when clicked.

```jsx

> import { DrawerCloseButton } from '@folio/stripes/components';

Reviewer: **suggestion (blocking):** Do we need to document the close button? I think it is internal implementation.

Also, please check the import path here :-)

Author: I think that it is not internal implementation. The close button does not have to be in the composition and DrawerPanel can only be closed on backdrop click

> import { DrawerCloseButton } from '@folio/stripes/components';

Author: outdated

<DrawerCloseButton />;
```

### API

| Name    | Type     | Default | Required | Description                     |
| ------- | -------- | ------- | -------- | ------------------------------- |

> | `label` | `string` | `Close` | ✕        | Label of the menu toggle button |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `label` | `string` | `Close` | ✕        | Label of the drawer close button |
```

The component further inherits properties from the [`<button>`][mdn-button-element] element.

On top of the API options, the components accept [additional attributes][readme-additional-attributes].
If you need more control over the styling of a component, you can use [style props][readme-style-props]
and [escape hatches][readme-escape-hatches].

## DrawerPanel

The `DrawerPanel` component is a container for the content that will be displayed in the drawer.

```jsx

> import { DrawerPanel } from '@folio/stripes/components';

Author: outdated
